I'm Mark Ballas I'm a two-time champion
of Dancing with the Stars and I'm gonna
take out that Mirrorball trophy with a
vengeance Hunter's aligned the world
class teacher a world class champion and
the world class smart I'm Kim Johnson
I'm known for turning big clumsy men
into refined dances
Anitra Chaplin and this is my return to
Dancing with the Stars
watch out with maximum mark he's gonna
be a battle
it is my fifth season of Dancing with
the Stars and it's time that that mirror
ball trophy was fine I'm scared this is
my seventh season of Dancing with the
Stars and Sugar Ray I will break you in
first answer I'm Louis van Amstel I'm a
three-time world champion and yet I
still haven't won that mirror ball
trophy what's up with that people this
season I'll make sure the mirror ball
trophy has my name on
I'm chauffeured songs dancing it's all
about a man and a woman connecting with
each other and no one can do that better
than me I'm Lacey Schwimmer and I said
to finals twice but that's just not good
enough
first place all Nexus Mikulski's some
sandbag I say I may be badly
you